Jiang Luo, you are looking for me
Yeah.
Lollipops, didn't you say they're for children?
Try this flavor
It's okay
I heard you made them all work hard
You have to strive to be positive in life
You too, this park
Only girls under the age of 22 are accepted
I'm not a little girl anymore
From tomorrow, I will leave.
To find my way
So suddenly
Yeah, did you stay for them before?
I'm not needed anymore.
So where do you want to go?
I didn't think about it.
But
I have one very important thing I haven't done yet
What did you forget?
We said we were going to fight one-on-one
Okay, I've always wanted to have a good fight with you
Solve the winner
Who isn't?
Come on, let me see your true strength
Hey stop
We have to go to the abandoned basketball court to duel
That's the dueling resort. Go
No one likes to fight anymore
Except you and me
Let's fight it out today
Good idea.
Come on.